docs/en/guide/handler_and_payload.md, before:

# Handler and Payload

## Virtual Handler

+ In some scenarios where intranet penetration (such as injecting shellcode, spawn process, and AB network forward handler), you only need to quickly call the existing listening configuration, and there is no need to actually establish a network listening or network connection. It can be implemented by creating a virtual listening, and virtual listening and actual listening can be converted to each other.
+ `Virtual Handler` It means storing the input listening configuration options in the cache, but not establishing the actual running listening in the server. This listening configuration can be quickly selected when running the module/transmission protocol.
+ `Virtual Handler`It still exists after the system restarts, and can be used in spear phishing, persistence and other scenarios
+ Real  is represented by green icons, virtual  is represented by gray icons
+ Virtual  and actual  can be passed `Start Virtual Handler` `Start Real Handler` Convert each other

## HTTPS certificate

+ Viper has a built-in ssl certificate by default`www.example.com.pem`, It can be used directly for https encryption when using it, and users can also upload pem format certificates by themselves. Note that the certificate must include public and private keys, for specific format reference`www.example.com.pem`document

## Generate PE/ELF

+ You can click on the monitor`Generate PE/ELF`The button quickly generates a load, the Windows type payload is the source code compiled version, and the Linux type payload is the elf type.

## Generate load

+ Select`Generate Payload`The button can be manually entered to configure to generate a load.
+ Select`Auto Start Handler`Option: Automatically add the corresponding monitor for the load after the load is generated.

## Reverse_dns online

Refer to the following articles

[https://www.anquanke.com/post/id/255625](https://www.anquanke.com/post/id/255625)

Commit message:

合并拉取请求 #234
* Adjust English document.

* fix image link error and remove font dom in mk

docs/en/guide/handler_and_payload.md, after:

# Handler & Payloads

## Virtual Handler

+ In some scenarios of internal network penetration (such as injecting shellcode, spawning processes, and AB network positive handers), only a quick call to the existing handler configuration is required, without actually establishing a network listener or network connection. This can be achieved by creating a virtual listener. Virtual listeners and actual listeners can be converted into each other.
+ "Virtual handler" means storing the input listening configuration options in the cache, but not creating an actually running listener in the server. The listening configuration can be quickly selected when running modules/transport protocols later.
+ "Virtual listeners" still exist after the system restarts and can be used in scenarios such as spear phishing and persistence.
+ Real listeners are represented by green icons, and virtual listeners are represented by gray icons.
+ Virtual listeners and actual listeners can be converted into each other through "Generate Virtual Listener" and "Generate Real Listener".

## HTTPS Certificates

+ Viper comes with an ssl certificate `www.example.com.pem` by default. It can be directly used for https encryption when in use. Users can also upload a certificate in pem format by themselves. Note that the certificate must contain both the public key and the private key. For the specific format, refer to the `www.example.com.pem` file.

## Generate PE/ELF

+ You can click the "Generate PE/ELF" button in the listener to quickly generate payloads. The Windows-type payload is a source code compilation version, and the Linux-type payload is of the elf type.

## Generate Payloads

+ Select the "Generate Payload" button to manually enter configurations to generate payloads.
+ Select the "Auto-Listen" option to automatically add the listener corresponding to the payload after the payload generation is completed.

## Reverse_dns Go Online

[reverse_dns](../blog/invisible_wings_msf_using_dns_tunnel_for_online.md)
