docs/en/guide/update_version.md, before:

# Updated version

## Small version update (for example, 1.2.1 update to 1.2.2)

> docker compose all commands executed in the Viper installation directory

+ Delete the original container

```shell
cd /root/VIPER              
docker compose down         
```

+ Update docker image

```shell
docker compose pull
```

+ Create and start the container

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

+ Visit[https://vpsip:diyport](http://vpsip:60000)Log in to the server. Username: root password: custom password

> Password can be passed`cat /root/VIPER/docker-compose.yml`Check
>
> diyport can be passed`cat /root/VIPER/nginxconfig/viper.conf`Check
>

## Large version update (for example, 1.2.6 update to 1.3.0)

> docker compose all commands executed in the Viper installation directory
>
> Viper's high version is incompatible with existing data in the lower version. Cross-version updates require clearing of existing data.

+ Delete the original container

```shell
cd /root/VIPER 
docker compose down
```

+ Clear existing data and custom modules

```shell
rm -f ./db/*
rm -f ./module/*
```

+ Update docker image

```shell
docker compose pull
```

+ Create and start the container

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

+ Visit[https://vpsip:diyport](http://vpsip:60000)Login.Username:root Password:custom password

> Password can be passed`cat /root/VIPER/docker-compose.yml`Check
>
> diyport can be passed`cat /root/VIPER/nginxconfig/viper.conf`Check

Commit message:

合并拉取请求 #234
* Adjust English document.

* fix image link error and remove font dom in mk

docs/en/guide/update_version.md, after:

# Update Version

## Minor Version Update (e.g., updating from 1.2.1 to 1.2.2)

> All `docker compose` commands should be executed in the Viper installation directory.

- Delete the existing containers

```shell
cd /root/VIPER              # Viper installation directory
docker compose down         # Delete the existing containers
```

- Update the Docker images

```shell
docker compose pull
```

- Create and start the containers

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

- Visit [https://vpsip:diyport](http://vpsip:60000) to log in to the server. Username: root, Password: Custom password

> The password can be viewed by running `cat /root/VIPER/docker-compose.yml`
>
> The `diyport` can be viewed by running `cat /root/VIPER/nginxconfig/viper.conf`
>

## Major Version Update (e.g., updating from 1.2.6 to 1.3.0)

> All `docker compose` commands should be executed in the Viper installation directory.
>
> Higher versions of Viper are not compatible with the existing data of lower versions. Cross-version updates require clearing the existing data.

- Delete the existing containers

```shell
cd /root/VIPER # Viper installation directory
docker compose down
```

- Clear the existing data and custom modules

```shell
rm -f./db/*
rm -f./module/*
```

- Update the Docker images

```shell
docker compose pull
```

- Create and start the containers

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

- Visit [https://vpsip:diyport](http://vpsip:60000) to log in. Username: root, Password: Custom password

> The password can be viewed by running `cat /root/VIPER/docker-compose.yml`
>
> The `diyport` can be viewed by running `cat /root/VIPER/nginxconfig/viper.conf`
